Added docs for blitz connection_alias and harness support for differe… (#22)
CiscoTestAutomation/genie: docs/userguide/harness/user/datafile.rst

                    label: # Label to override th alias of the specified interface

* Different connections using Mapping datafile:

> The user can connect to custom connections using this new schema mentioned below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can connect with different connections using this new schema mentioned below.
```

Author: updated

> The user can connect with different connections using this new schema mentioned below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user can connect with different connections using the following schema:
```

Author: updated

> ``Note``: The user can either use this new schema or the above mentioned one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``Note``: The user can either use this new schema or the one mentioned above.
```

Author: updated

.. code-block:: python

    devices:
      uut:
        mapping:
          context:
              cli:
               - via: cli
                 alias: cli
                 pool_size: 5
                 sleep: 3
               - via: ssh
                 alias: cli2
              yang:
                - via: yang
                  alias: netconf

.. code-block:: yaml

    # New Mapping Datafile schema for different connections
    # -------------------------------------------------

    devices: # Devices

        <device name>: # Name of the device.
                       # Can either be an alias or device hostname
                       # as defined in the pyats testbed file.

                label:  # One device in the testbed must be designated as the `uut`
                        # for ``Genie``.  If no device is already named `uut`, then
                        # you must map it via `label` field, as shown in the example
                        # above. In the event that the device is already named uut
                        # via `alias` in the testbed file, then there is no need to
                        # use label field.

>               mapping: # To map which connection to use for in the context.
> 
>               context: # Context for the Genie execution.

Reviewer: indentation
```suggestion
              mapping: # To map which connection to use for in the context.

                  context: # Context for the Genie execution.
```

Author: updated

                            via: #Specify the connection to use. Eg. cli, ssh, yang etc

>                             alias: #The alias name of the connection. Eg. Banana, my_conn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                            alias: #The alias name of the connection. Eg. my_connection, my_conn
```

Author: updated
